Fix docs for installing from a git repo (#76350)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/shared_snippets/installing_collections_git_repo.txt

Installing a collection from a git repository at the command line
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To install a collection from a git repository at the command line, use the URI of the repository instead of a collection name or path to a ``tar.gz`` file. Use the prefix ``git+``, unless you're using SSH authentication with the user ``git`` (e.g. ``git@github.com:ansible-collections/ansible.windows.git``). You can specify a branch, commit, or tag using the comma-separated `git commit-ish <https://git-scm.com/docs/gitglossary#def_commit-ish>`_ syntax.

Author: ```suggestion
To install a collection from a git repository at the command line, use the URI of the repository instead of a collection name or path to a ``tar.gz`` file. Use the prefix ``git+``, unless you're using SSH authentication with the user ``git`` (for example, ``git@github.com:ansible-collections/ansible.windows.git``). You can specify a branch, commit, or tag using the comma-separated `git commit-ish <https://git-scm.com/docs/gitglossary#def_commit-ish>`_ syntax.
```
